I
yes
like sound action start your next
corporate gathering with excitement and
style at Atlanta's newest and most
unique meeting and special events venue
the Atlanta Convention Center at
americasmart and it just came alive
today during our opening session we were
really impressed with the space
impressive and expansive designed with
up to 500,000 square feet of space the
new Atlanta Convention Center at
americasmart can customize to satisfy
any groups me so at our convention
center whether you need a board room for
10 people or you're producing a
tradeshow over 500,000 square feet we
can accommodate your event the Atlanta
Convention Center at americasmart not
only tailors a spectacular event just
for your group we also guarantee an
excellent value so you can pleasantly
surprised your attendees and get them
out of that boring box room that they're
used to they put them in a unique venue
that they've yet to experience imagine
your kickoff reception in our 14-story
grand atrium your breakout sessions in
our easily adaptable meeting rooms
or your trade show in one of our
spacious exhibit halls ideally located
in the heart of downtown the Atlanta
convention center at americasmart is
linked the world's busiest airport via a
rapid rail system and is connected to
the 1100 room westin peachtree plaza
hotel plus just steps away are 24
additional hotels with 8,000 more rooms
unlimited dining entertainment and
cultural activity premium catering of
food and beverage is just one of the
many highly acclaimed services the
Atlanta Convention Center provides
through our in-house partners service
specialists known for their skill and
anticipating needs and delivering
quality solutions the food and beverage
that they offer is absolutely world
class for what I've experienced today is
this is a five-star restaurant in a
convention center absolutely unique with
the most unique and flexible facilities
excellent in-house service providers and
the best value in the region the Atlanta
convention center at americasmart will
ensure your next special event or
corporate meeting achieves its goals and
exceeds all expectations the Atlanta
convention center at americasmart
you